fix: add elec native demand mapping to report market model prices (#692)
open-energy-transition/open-tyndp: doc/release_notes.rst

* Update PEMMDB version reference to correct version v2.5 in the documentation (https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pull/681).

> * Add a missing mapping for electricity native demand to report market model Pan-EU prices (https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pull/692).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add a missing mapping for electricity native demand for calculating load weighted market model Pan-EU prices (https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pull/692).
```

Author: ```suggestion
* Add a missing mapping for the electricity native demand when calculating the load-weighted average of the Pan-EU Market Model price (https://github.com/open-energy-transition/open-tyndp/pull/692).
```

Author: @daniel-rdt Then I would prefer this

Reviewer: Even more accurate. Main point for me is that it is used for load-weighting
